<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <!-- U21444928 Carl de Witt -->
<title>Activities</title>
</head>
<body>
  <div id="peom">
    <a href="./toc.xhtml">TOC</a>
    <h1 id="lfTit1">The Application</h1>
    <h2 id="lfAuth1">
        By Kit Schluter
    </h2>
    <h3 id="lfCar1">
      Category Activities 
    </h3>
    
    
    
    <p id="p1">
      The object of my application was to gain access to a plane of language honest yet completely discursive. Like a procedural work, it was meant to provide me a strict framework to liberate me from my intuition and habits, gracefully stultifying the products of my free-range creativity with its stringent demands.
      The application taught me of economy : I desired a new, terser voice. I filled it out, again and again, as nothing more than a literary exercise. As it restructured the interests and aims of my writing, and then my very manner of speech, I admired its austerity.
      The application taught me English. It forced me, in fact, to learn English all over again. Its questions served as a model for the English I hoped eventually to speak.
      But when they offered me a job, I knew I had done something wrong. I looked back and wished I could read the application for the first time again, repeatedly, one time after another, applying alive and in death, a virgin applicant filling out its form for the first time, forever, and ever. And when I heard myself say yes to their offer—O god, only now can I see the irrevocability of my mistake . . .
      Don’t talk to me.
      This would be easier were I made of glass.
    </p>
  </div>

</body>
</html>