<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
   <!-- U21444928 Carl de Witt -->
<title>LAAF</title>
</head>
<body>
   <div id="poem1" epub:type="chapter">
      <a href="./toc.xhtml">TOC</a>
      <h1 id="lfTit1">Bad Faith I.</h1>
      <h2 id="lfAuth1">
       By Kit Schluter
    </h2>
    <h3 id="lfCar1">
       Category Life Choice 
      </h3>
      <p id="lfP1">
         
       Into the bulbous crenelation of foliage I raise my star-shaped
       finger. Without softness,
       the story perspires a sweetlessness, axillary as any latterday
       bubo. Under my clothes, the skin coughs—
       it weeps a filthy amber, the color of overused motor oil.
       Between myselves, one soul feels too plastic—
       but as long as there is at least a gust of light, there will be
       some contour, some give, to the others.
       The natural world is lobotomized : its hair grows long,
       turns to gold, falls away,
       and when my skull gets critiqued, rightfully, for taking
       after centuries-old copper bells,
       it cracks under this stress in the atmospheric night.
       No matter which shrub I choose to lie in, I tend to find
       another with binoculars right to his eyes, fixed on
       some window, a body halted in its frame.
      </p>
      
      
      
      
   </div>
    <br/>
    <div id="poem2" epub:type="chapter">
    
    
      <a href="./toc.xhtml">TOC</a>
   <h1 id="lfTit2">Bad Faith II.</h1>
    <h2 id="lfAuth2">
       By Kit Schluter
    </h2>
    <h3 id="lfCar2">
       Category Life Choice 
    </h3>
    
    <p id="lfp2">

       What is an opulent form without a function : or, what is an
       adverb?
       What is the perfect use of the word needlessly, and what can
       I use to dowse for paranoia’s nearest underground spring?
       I awaken to the possibility of my having no such hydro-
    sphere,
    the brighter half of my chiaroscuro egging me to passive
    reception.
    There is no rhyme fit for my scream :
    my scream is ever petty, a sword-crossed, double chiar-
    oscuro,
    a crosshatching of trusts.
    The normative is pedagogical,
    but only in high, high relief.
   </p>
</div>
   <br/>
   <div id="poem3" epub:type="chapter">
    
    
    
    
    
    
      <a href="./toc.xhtml">TOC</a>
   <h1 id="lfTit3">Bad Faith III.</h1>
   <h2 id="lfAuth3">
      By Kit Schluter
   </h2>
   <h3 id="lfCar3">
      Category Life Choice 
   </h3>
    

   <p id="lfp3">

      I never skimp on the food I shoplift . . .
      but is there a name for slinking away from the inexpensive
    perimeter, like this, to the decadent aisles?
       And if a tree is named alone in a wood, can it be felled and
       dragged to the town square if no one’s around to drag it
       there?
       There is nothing inconvenient about it, this disappearing,
       this falling away of the ground from which an argument
       gleans its blinding charm.
       I am an individual, thus I have no bedtime.
      </p>
      </div>
       
</body>
</html>