<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
    <!-- U21444928 Carl de Witt -->
    <title>Living</title>
</head>
<body>

    
    
    
    <div id="poem1">
        <a href="./toc.xhtml">TOC</a>
        <h1 id="lfTit1">Berkeley in the Nineties</h1>
        <h2 id="lfAuth1">
            By Tess Taylor
        </h2>
        <h3 id="lfCar1">
            Category Living
        </h3>
        
        
        
        <p id="p1">
    
    Too late for hippie heyday
    &amp; too young to be yuppies
    we wandered creeksides &amp; used bookstores.
    There were still so many movie theaters.
    Our parents marched against the many wars
    &amp; fed us carob chips. We foraged
    in free boxes for old wrap skirts
    but had absorbed consumerist desire,
    &amp; also longed for new J. Crew.
    There was no internet yet &amp; so we listened
    to Steve Miller Band on repeat
    &amp; cut geometry to skinny dip
    in the Essex Street hot tub.
    We knew the code, just as we knew
    to disapprove of America.
    We walked out of high school
    after Rodney King. We helped our mothers
    shop for bulk oats at the Co-op.
    We felt we could &amp; couldn't
    solve it. We could say systemic racism
    but couldn't name yet how our lives were implicated.
    We drove our grandmothers' Volvos up Marin
    &amp; watched the spangled world
    from Grizzly Peak. We climbed Mount Diablo
    in spring rain. We learned
    the meaning of the word hegemony
    but thought the word itself was hegemonic.
    We got high to the patter of the windchimes.
    When we missed our friends
    we wandered to the farmers market
    for bruised peaches. Bruised peaches were
    our kind of revolution. There was not internet yet &amp; so
    we made elaborate cutout flyers to invite
    our friends to picnics up at Codornices.
    Bodies in space were revolution.
    Some of us were feminist &amp; queer.
    Some of us wore wool sailor pants
    &amp; passed out at bad university parties.
    Oh my god, that was embarrassing.
    Some of us cut class to spend
    days reading in the dank public library.
    Alone in our aloneness we fumbled
    with one another's bodies
    in dim alleyways near City Lights.
    Our revolution: under cherry blossoms,
    reading Virgil. One of us made red
    mushroomy kombucha. One of us
    taught the others to eat burdock.
    The burdock eating didn't really take.
    Some days we paid the toll
    for people behind us
    on the Richmond-San Rafael Bridge.
    At Steep Ravine howled Whiteman at the sea.
    Most days, we were a crumbling outpost. Nearby
    the street preacher, Paul of the Pillar,
    spoke in helter-skelter baritones from
    liberated air on the Cal campus.
    We too believed in liberated air &amp; some nights
    bought Paul sausages at Top Dog.
    Under the Campanile, we discussed
    how Ginsburg was a sellout now because he posed
    for Gap ads in wide-legged chinos.
    Chinos were not the revolution.
    Trigonometry was not the revolution.
    We memorized short poems by D. H. Lawrence.
    We were quick fish who read
    Gary Snyder in someone's dad's Mendocino cabin.
    Some of us climbed ferny gullies
    on winter solstice &amp; got topless.
    Decorated each other in white reindeer lichen.
    Recited the Tao Te Ching. Had sex on a cliff.
    Reindeer lichen was the revolution.
    We craved transcendental revelations,
    the radical &amp; burning future:
    We lobbied for condoms in the high school bathrooms
    even though the bathrooms needed toilet paper—
    </p>
    </div>

</body>
</html>