<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
    <title>relationship</title>
    <!-- U21444928 Carl de Witt -->
</head>
<body>

    <div id="poem1">
        <a href="./toc.xhtml">TOC</a>
        <h1 id="lfTit1">
            Full Fathom Five
        </h1>
        <h2 id="lfAuth1">
            By Sylvia Plath
        </h2>
        <h3 id="lfCar1">
            Category Relationships 
        </h3>
        
        
        
        <p id="p1">

    
    
    
    
    Old man, you surface seldom.
    Then you come in with the tide’s coming
    When seas wash cold, foam-
    
    Capped: white hair, white beard, far-flung,
    A dragnet, rising, falling, as waves
    Crest and trough. Miles long
    
    Extend the radial sheaves
    Of your spread hair, in which wrinkling skeins
    Knotted, caught, survives
    
    The old myth of origins
    Unimaginable. You float near
    As keeled ice-mountains
    
    Of the north, to be steered clear
    Of, not fathomed. All obscurity
    Starts with a danger:
    
    Your dangers are many. I
    Cannot look much but your form suffers
    Some strange injury
    
    And seems to die: so vapors
    Ravel to clearness on the dawn sea.
    The muddy rumors
    
    Of your burial move me
    To half-believe: your reappearance
    Proves rumors shallow,
    
    For the archaic trenched lines
    Of your grained face shed time in runnels:
    Ages beat like rains
    
    On the unbeaten channels
    Of the ocean. Such sage humor and
    Durance are whirlpools
    
    To make away with the ground-
    Work of the earth and the sky’s ridgepole.
    Waist down, you may wind
    
    One labyrinthine tangle
    To root deep among knuckles, shin-
                bones,
    Skulls. Inscrutable,
    
    Below shoulders not once
    Seen by any man who kept his head,
    You defy questions;
    
    You defy godhood.
    I walk dry on your kingdom’s border
    Exiled to no good.
    
    Your shelled bed I remember.
    Father, this thick air is murderous.
    I would breathe water.
    </p>
    </div>

</body>
</html>