<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<!-- U21444928 Carl de Witt -->
<head>
<title>Sorrow</title>
</head>
<body>


    <div id="poem1">
        <a href="./toc.xhtml">TOC</a>
        <h1 id="lfTit1">
            Punctuations &amp; Wind
        </h1>
        <h2 id="lfAuth1">
            By Tess Taylor
        </h2>
        <h3 id="lfCar1">
            Category Sorrow
        </h3>
        
        
        
        <p id="p1">
    

 

Then once again someone is shot
              at a school   by a sniper   by police   in a movie theater
&amp; the many homeless

are hustled &amp; hunted.
                You read how your clothes are sewn by slaves
your dinner fished by slaves

your fruit picked by starving children.
               Mostly you don't get away.
Mostly you raise the children you have,

              afraid of no health care, of losing
              the one goodish job you've finally got.
              Mostly you keep your nose to the grindstone.

Your heart flails
              a thick fish in your throat.
You have a felt for a long time that someone is watching:

The administration is eroding your benefits.
                But you are lucky, so you try to feel lucky.
By the numbers you have always lived

in an apartheid state.
              You look at your child.
Read reports of the tear gas.

Text a friend. Cry at night.
              Some days you march when people are marching
some batter windows                     some are hit
things are cancelled:
                                                          The year has been dry
even small rain will lead to mudslides.

Some nights you wake only to feel
              yourself for a few minutes grieving
or praying &amp; hearing in darkness

the old tree tossing &amp; tossing &amp; wild

                                                          the storm coming
                                                          </p>
                                                          </div>

</body>
</html>